README.md, before:

https://ncaaprs.herokuapp.com/

TODO: 

-add Pentathlon, Decathlon, etc.

-add relays

-add mobile compatibility 

-reduce load times

# Getting Started with Create React App
This is a create-react-app, but with python flask as backend also, so it's a little different. Read below for info on running the code and deploying it/updates to it.

I used heroku for hosting. If you want to use something else to deploy, it might be different. There's a ton of potential ways to host.
I created the project using the tutorial in the following link. This project is structured and runs exactly like that, so refer there if needed.
https://blog.miguelgrinberg.com/post/how-to-create-a-react--flask-project

And for deployment info
https://blog.miguelgrinberg.com/post/how-to-deploy-a-react--flask-project

Main should be used for local testing and development
Deployment should be used for... deployment (Heroku specifically)

In order to deploy (Heroku specifically) there were several changes that had to be made in the code.
The following are all the ways that Deployment should differ from Main. The Deployment branch will not work locally.

MAIN  (in api.py)                  
- app = Flask(\_\_name__)
- from athleteProfiles import * 

DEPLOYMENT (in api.py)
 - app = Flask(\_\_name__, static_folder='../build', static_url_path='/')
 - from .athleteProfiles import *

MAIN (in package.json), Remove this line in Deployment
- ,"proxy" : "http://localhost:5000"  



INSTRUCTIONS TO DEPLOY (on Heroku):


-To Update Current Deployment (Works only if you've installed heroku cli and already have a deployment):

(open cmd window in root)

git push heroku deployment:main



-To Make New Deployment:

go to heroku.com

create an account

create a new app

once in your new app's page, click on deploy tab (make sure to add python to build packages in app settings, and make sure it is underneath node.js)

Follow instructions on how to deploy using existing git repository, make sure you are on deployment branch

If heroku cli is installed:

heroku login

heroku create <my heroku app name>

heroku git:remote -a <my heroku app name>

git push heroku deployment:main




INSTRUCTIONS TO RUN LOCALLY ON WINDOWS:

(open cmd window)

git clone https://github.com/braedensc/teamprs.git

npm install

cd api

make a new file ".flaskenv"

 add these two lines:

   FLASK_APP=api.py

   FLASK_ENV=development


venv\Scripts\activate

pip install -r requirements.txt

cd ..

npm run start-api

(open new cmd window in same directory)

npm start

(it should now be running on localhost:3000)


npm install and pip install only need to be done once (or if new packages have been added).
Make sure to always update requirements.txt when installing new python packages (both of them I'm not sure which one is actually being used).


INSTRUCTIONS FOR MACOS:
(open terminal)

$ git clone https://github.com/braedensc/teamprs.git

$ npm install

$ cd api


make a new file ".flaskenv"

 add these two lines:

   FLASK_APP=api.py

   FLASK_ENV=development


$ python3 -m venv venv (only do this the first time)
$ source venv/bin/activate
(venv) $ pip install flask python-dotenv

in Finder, go to Applications/Python3.9 and double click on "Install Certificates.cmd" file

$ pip install -r requirements.txt

$ flask run

(open new cmd window in ~/ncaaprs directory)

$ npm start

(it should now be running on localhost:3000)


npm install and pip install only need to be done once (or if new packages have been added).
Make sure to always update requirements.txt when installing new python packages (both of them I'm not sure which one is actually being used).

Commit message:

fixed some urls for the default teams

README.md, after:

https://ncaaprs.herokuapp.com/

TODO: 

-fix team logos

-set up c# api to act as go between for the front-end requests and the python web scraper

-start storing teams/athletes/times in db

-set up cron job to scrape automatically on set time (allow manual update in UI)

-add Pentathlon, Decathlon, etc.

-add relays

-add mobile compatibility 

-reduce load times

-handle 404 errors for invalid athlete page links



# Getting Started with Create React App
This is a create-react-app, but with python flask as backend also, so it's a little different. Read below for info on running the code and deploying it/updates to it.

I used heroku for hosting. If you want to use something else to deploy, it might be different. There's a ton of potential ways to host.
I created the project using the tutorial in the following link. This project is structured and runs exactly like that, so refer there if needed.
https://blog.miguelgrinberg.com/post/how-to-create-a-react--flask-project

And for deployment info
https://blog.miguelgrinberg.com/post/how-to-deploy-a-react--flask-project

Main should be used for local testing and development
Deployment should be used for... deployment (Heroku specifically)

In order to deploy (Heroku specifically) there were several changes that had to be made in the code.
The following are all the ways that Deployment should differ from Main. The Deployment branch will not work locally.

MAIN  (in api.py)                  
- app = Flask(\_\_name__)
- from athleteProfiles import * 

DEPLOYMENT (in api.py)
 - app = Flask(\_\_name__, static_folder='../build', static_url_path='/')
 - from .athleteProfiles import *

MAIN (in package.json), Remove this line in Deployment
- ,"proxy" : "http://localhost:5000"  



INSTRUCTIONS TO DEPLOY (on Heroku):


-To Update Current Deployment (Works only if you've installed heroku cli and already have a deployment):

(open cmd window in root)

git push heroku deployment:main



-To Make New Deployment:

go to heroku.com

create an account

create a new app

once in your new app's page, click on deploy tab (make sure to add python to build packages in app settings, and make sure it is underneath node.js)

Follow instructions on how to deploy using existing git repository, make sure you are on deployment branch

If heroku cli is installed:

heroku login

heroku create <my heroku app name>

heroku git:remote -a <my heroku app name>

git push heroku deployment:main




INSTRUCTIONS TO RUN LOCALLY ON WINDOWS:

(open cmd window)

git clone https://github.com/braedensc/teamprs.git

npm install

cd api

make a new file ".flaskenv"

 add these two lines:

   FLASK_APP=api.py

   FLASK_ENV=development


venv\Scripts\activate

pip install -r requirements.txt

cd ..

npm run start-api

(open new cmd window in same directory)

npm start

(it should now be running on localhost:3000)


npm install and pip install only need to be done once (or if new packages have been added).
Make sure to always update requirements.txt when installing new python packages (both of them I'm not sure which one is actually being used).


INSTRUCTIONS FOR MACOS:
(open terminal)

$ git clone https://github.com/braedensc/teamprs.git

$ npm install

$ cd api


make a new file ".flaskenv"

 add these two lines:

   FLASK_APP=api.py

   FLASK_ENV=development


$ python3 -m venv venv (only do this the first time)
$ source venv/bin/activate
(venv) $ pip install flask python-dotenv

in Finder, go to Applications/Python3.9 and double click on "Install Certificates.cmd" file

$ pip install -r requirements.txt

$ flask run

(open new cmd window in ~/ncaaprs directory)

$ npm start

(it should now be running on localhost:3000)


npm install and pip install only need to be done once (or if new packages have been added).
Make sure to always update requirements.txt when installing new python packages (both of them I'm not sure which one is actually being used).
